---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "This is really going to disrupt everything"
subheadline: "iBeacon and Eddystone unlock new opportunities"
meta_teaser: "iBeacon and Eddystone in Action"
teaser: "<em>iBeacon and Eddystone in Action</em>"
header: no
image:
    thumb:  beacon.jpg
    homepage: beacon.jpg
    caption: iBeacon in Action
    caption_url: "http://evapp.nextapps.pl"
categories:
    - event
---
<div class="row">

<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
<a href="https://evapp.nextapps.pl">Our Event application can use iBeacons:<br/> https://evapp.nextapps.pl</a>
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->

<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">

<div>
<blockquote>“iBeacon. This is really going to disrupt everything” - Tim O'Reilly. </blockquote><br/><br/>
</div>
<div>
Yes. It is true.  If you want to find another way to sell products, stay in touch with your customer and create a business model based on interactions, engagement, loyalty -you should use beacon in your business. Why to break your business model if you could simply build a mobile app for business?
<br/><br/>
</div>
<div>
The answer is: because you should mix new technologies and trends with your domain:
</div>
<div>
<ul>
 <li>allow customers to <b>rediscover your products</b> and services;</li>
 <li>locate a set of beacons in shops, commercial centers, events, sports facilities and branches;</li>
 <li>send <b>offers and discounts</b> to customers when near a product</li>
 <li>offer coupons to customers after a purchase to share with their friends, thus encouraging others to visit during a sale or during a special event;</li>
 <li>shoppers can tag a product for a friend who could not find it or was looking for it;</li>
 <li>combine <b>social with beacons</b> and use promotions, contests and challenges to get your loyal customers, to bring in new people or even make it easier for them to promote the store, i.e. they get a higher discount if they invite and bring new customers;</li>
 <li>better <b>networking</b> at conferences and events using beacons for location and info;</li>
 <li><b>assistance</b> for disabled or blind people. Use beacons and voice activated directions or alerts to help someone that is visually impaired.</li>
</div>
<br>

</div><!-- /.medium-8.columns -->
</div><!-- /.row -->
